Made small changes to make the README and CONTRIBUTING files easier to follow (#4993)
jenkinsci/jenkins: CONTRIBUTING.md

This page provides information about contributing code to the Jenkins core codebase.

> :exclamation: There's a lot more to the Jenkins project than just code. For information on contributing to the Jenkins project overall, here's a page on how to [Participate].

Reviewer: 'For information on contributing to the Jenkins project overall, here's a page on how to [Participate].'  - **suggestion**: For more information on the ways that you can contribute to the Jenkins project, see [Participate].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:exclamation: There's a lot more to the Jenkins project than just code. For more information on the ways that you can contribute to the Jenkins project, see [Participate].
```

@andreashouben GitHub suggestions are quite handy when it comes to reviews and suggestions

## Getting started

1. Fork the repository on GitHub
2. Clone the forked repository to your machine
3. Install the necessary development tools. In order to develop Jenkins, you need the following:
  * Java Development Kit (JDK) 8 or 11.
    In the Jenkins project we usually use [OpenJDK](http://openjdk.java.net/) or [AdoptOpenJDK](https://adoptopenjdk.net/), but you can use other JDKs as well.
    * For JDK 11 there might be some compatibility issues in developer tools,
      please see [this page](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Java+11+Developer+Guidelines#Java11DeveloperGuidelines-Knowndevelopertoolsissues) for more info.

>       If you hit a new issue, please report it with a `java11-devtools-compatibility` label in our issue tracker.

Reviewer: Suggestion -> If you find a new issue...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      If you find a new issue, please report it with a `java11-devtools-compatibility` label in our issue tracker.
```

>   * Maven 3.5.4 or above. You can [download maven] here.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  * Maven 3.5.4 or above. You can [download maven here].
```

Author: Done -- also capitalized Maven.

>   * Maven 3.5.4 or above. You can [download Maven here].

Reviewer: I'd add the link to download Maven in the instruction itself, e.g. - [Maven 3.5.4 or above](link).

Reviewer 2: IMHO it is an overkill here, especially since we have a download link on the same line

  * Any IDE which supports importing Maven projects.
  * Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/). **Note:** only needed to work on the frontend assets found in the `war` module.
    * Frontend tasks are run using [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/). Run `npm install -g yarn` to install it.

> 4. Setup your development environment as described in [Preparing for Plugin Development]

Reviewer: Set up your development environment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Set up your development environment as described in [Preparing for Plugin Development]
```

If you want to contribute to Jenkins, or just learn about the project,
you can start by fixing some easier issues.
In the Jenkins issue tracker we mark such issues as `newbie-friendly`.
You can find them by using this query (check the link) for [newbie friendly issues].

## Building and Debugging

> The core of Jenkins' build flow is built around Maven.

Reviewer 3: Introduces a semantic change (or an ambiguity, depending on how you read it): "Jenkins core" is a fixed term we use to refer to Jenkins without plugins.

Author: Done

> Here is a description of the [building and debugging process].

Reviewer 3: Weird to see "here" when the "here" isn't clickable.

```suggestion
[Here is a description of the building and debugging process].
```

might be a bit much but still better? Maybe?

Author: Done

## Proposing Changes

The Jenkins project source code repositories are hosted at GitHub.
All proposed changes are submitted, and code reviewed, using the _GitHub Pull Request_ process.

To submit a pull request:

1. Commit your changes and push them to your fork on GitHub.
It is a good practice is to create branches instead of pushing to master.

> 2. In GitHub Web UI, click the _New Pull Request_ button.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. In the GitHub Web UI, click the _New Pull Request_ button.
```

Author: Done

* [Jenkins Contribution Landing Page](https://jenkins.io/participate/)
* [Jenkins IRC Channel](https://jenkins.io/chat/)
* [Beginners Guide To Contributing](https://wiki.jenkins.io/display/JENKINS/Beginners+Guide+to+Contributing)

> * [List of newbie-friendly issues in the core](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20JENKINS%20AND%20status%20in%20(Open%2C%20%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20Reopened)%20AND%20coavenponent%20%3D%20core%20AND%20labels%20in%20(newbie-friendly))

Reviewer 4: Proposed change will break the query.  Need to revert this change
```suggestion
* [List of newbie-friendly issues in the core](https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20JENKINS%20AND%20status%20in%20(Open%2C%20%22In%20Progress%22%2C%20Reopened)%20AND%20component%20%3D%20core%20AND%20labels%20in%20(newbie-friendly))
```
